consistent codestyle & docs update (#1703)
microsoft/vscode-react-native: CONTRIBUTING.md

- **Linux and macOS**: `~/.vscode/extensions/msjsdiag.vscode-react-native-<version>`
- **Windows**: `C:\Users\<username>\.vscode\extensions\msjsdiag.vscode-react-native-<version>`

## Build the project

- `git clone https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native.git`
- `cd vscode-react-native`

> - `npm ci`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `npm ci`
```

> - `npm install -g gulp` and add `"gulp.autoDetect": "on"` to your vscode settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `npm install -g gulp` and add `"gulp.autoDetect": "on"` to your VS Code settings
```
